### Compare Between Two Text
This github repository has a function to compare the similarities between two different text. 
Although I've tested with cosine similarity, I've decided to go with a point system that adds or substracts points depending on certain conditions. I've added 1 point for every word that are in the same order between two texts. and .5 points if they are on different order. I substracted  -.5 point if the word frequency in one document was more than the other one. Cosine similarity formula has a better performance, but I just wanted to expermient with my own point system and decided to go that route. 
### How to run the program
 This Program has 3 ways of running. The list below explains the difference between them. all files under the 'app' folder. 

- ```python sampler.py``` From the terminal. runs the code with hard coded sampler text and prints comparison score between 0 and 1
- ```python compare_cli``` From the terminal, prompts the user to type a sentence, after pressing enter, it ask the user to type a second sentence. and then prints the comparison score between 0 and 1
- FastAPI in a docker container. this command should be run from the root 'text_similarity' folder. to run it, run the following command from the terminal ```docker-compose up --build``` for first run and ```docker-compose up``` for subsequent runs. To stop the server type press ```Ctrl+C``` then to remove the docker network is ```docker-compose down``` api can be accessed through the address http://localhost:8000/ . it can be tested directly on the browser by clicking "try it out". write the two sentence under "text1" and "text2" and click execute. Or it can be done via POST request from external script. with text1 and text2 body. it will return a json object with 'similarity: value' 